Support MongoDB monitoring (#11111)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-mongodb-monitoring.md

> # MongoDB monitoring

Reviewer: Please update doc menu for this as well.

Author: ok.

SkyWalking leverages mongodb-exporter for collecting metrics data from MongoDB. It leverages OpenTelemetry
Collector to transfer the metrics to
[OpenTelemetry receiver](opentelemetry-receiver.md) and into the [Meter System](./../../concepts-and-designs/meter.md).

## Data flow

> 1. The mongodb-exporter collect metrics data from MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `mongodb-exporter` collects metrics data from MongoDB. The exporter works side by side with the MongoDB node.
```
